Add Multiple Node Setup Using Docker (#9)
yetanotherco/aligned_layer_tendermint: README.md

The response is then encoded in the transaction result, and added to the blockchain.

> ## Setting Up Multiple Nodes Using Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting up multiple local nodes using Docker
```
I'd add that nodes are local

Reviewer: Also, make a short description of what this steps are going to do

Author: Solved

> Build docker image:

Reviewer 2: nitpick: To keep consistency with the rest of the README, I think we should leave blank lines around codeblocks.

```sh
docker build . -t lambchaind_i
```

Run script (replacing node names):
```sh
bash multi_node_setup.sh <node1_name> [<node2_name> ...]

> ```

Reviewer 2: I'd add a minor description of the bash script. The meaning of the node names, the expected output (what files are created), etc.

> ```

Reviewer 2: Maybe we should have a Makefile that calls this script? Something like simd has: `make testnet`.

> ```

Reviewer: What does this script does? I think we need to add more detail on this step, as it's not obvious.
Also, maybe an example command would be good, e.g. `bash multi_node_setup.sh node0 node1 node2`

Start nodes:
```sh
docker-compose --project-name lambchain up --detach

> ```

Reviewer 2: We could add a description about what containers does the docker-compose run, or what port it exports (and from which node).

Author: Solved

> You can verify that it works by running (replacing `<node1_name>` by the name chosen in the bash script):
> ```sh
> docker run --rm -it --network lambchain_net-public lambchaind_i status --node "tcp://<node1_name>:26657"
> ```

Reviewer: This could be any node or only the first? If any, I'd say something like this
```suggestion
You can verify that it works by running (replacing `<node_name>` by the name of one of the nodes put in the bash script):
```sh
docker run --rm -it --network lambchain_net-public lambchaind_i status --node "tcp://<node_name>:26657"
```
```

Author: It has to be the first node, its the only one with the open port

Author: Solved

Author: Solved. Added a small description of the exposed ports.
